I talked heard you had been harbors
sister Smith and you know what he said
to me over there one of those Israel
places of Israel there this question
about a healing of a blind man and he
said you can't cut Jews and you can't
cut God in three pieces and get into a
Jew making father son Holy Ghost said
you can't do that dude you we're not our
daughters that we believe in one God see
and you go to making God tree God the
Father God the Son and God the Holy
Ghost
you certainly blinded you right there
because he knows better he knows better
than that that Nicky idolatry just as
certain as idolatry is you got three
times you got to make them the self same
God that's not three gods it's three
offices of the same God see God served
in the Fatherhood he served in the
sonship and he serves now the Holy Ghost
dispensation it's the same self God
that's reason we've commissioned to
baptize in the name of the Father Son
Holy Ghost ago not in the name of it in
the name not names not in the names or
in the name of the Father in the name of
the son in the name of the Holy Ghost
but in the name of the Father Son and
Holy Ghost see recognize in the self
same God being crimes see that's it
this can't be no other way see and
description and then if our revelation
is wrong then Peter and rest the
Apostles taught the wrong thing he calls
every person the Bible's baptized in the
name of the Lord Jesus Christ
not one person ever baptized and father
son Holy Ghost it's a Catholic doctrine
I give it to you by their own words and
their own elections and everything it's
a Catholic Creed and not a notic Bible
doctrine and no man even the King of
England was baptized in the name of
Jesus Christ about six hundred years
after the death of the last apostle what
was I think all England yes called angel
and that's where company name he was
baptized in the name of Jesus Christ
what converting was a little sparrow
when I can think
Santangelo what was his name not that
activist satisfy cactus I believe it
well I won't be sure that name now but
anyhow you went up there and they got
some of these they call them angels
because the people in the Assyrians and
so forth were dark complected to these
English had long white curly hair blonde
headed anglo-saxon you know blue-eyed
and they said to look like angels is
what they call an angel man and the
servant of the Lord went up there and
was preaching to their King and they're
sitting in a great open fireplace I was
reading a history of and not long ago
and a little bird flew into the light
and went back out in the King asked the
question where did he come from and
where did he go see he came into the
light we saw him and he went back out of
the darkness isn't that the way a man
goes he said but what was he before you
come in here said the preachers they met
Gus the King in the next morning him in
his household was baptized in the name
of Jesus Christ right there what the
first man that was ever sprinkled or
ever baptized anyway in the name of the
father son who Eagles was in the
Catholic Church the first spring could
never took places in the Catholic Church
the first pouring ever took place was in
the Catholic Church the Protestant
church always baptized in the Bible the
Apostles by immersing in the name of
Jesus Christ ever would just find one
place where they have anything else he
down in this just find one place where
they have anything else he down time the
Jews cannot I asked that rabbi I said
rabbi would it be hard for you to
believe the prophets he said I believe
the prophets I said in Isaiah 9:6 what
did he mean unto us a son is born who
was he speaking of he said was speaking
of the Messiah I said then were the
Messiah be born
yes if he born I said then if he's be
born he has it be have a mother yes yes
they have a mother and he has to have a
father to use that I said absolutely it
would be hard for you to believe
that wouldn't be god the great Jehovah
will open the Red Sea cannot give birth
to this baby by immaculate birth very
good
he said when she came taking three God's
I said he isn't three gods I said what
relationship will Messiah be to God he
said he will be God I said now you got
it
now you guys he is done that's exactly
they tried telling said well this man
was a thief this Jesus of Nazareth he
was a thief I said rabbi how is he a
thief well said if your own scripture
said that he went into the cornfield on
the Sabbath day and took the car
Osanai rabbi you know better more about
scriptures that your own scripture says
that's legal it's lawful for a man that
going to eat as much corn as she wants
to but don't put any sack and take it
out your own ball rabbi and it's is
there a little bit he didn't he believed
it cause he witness he said actual I
said well oh why what caused John's eye
so why did you do it I said in the name
of Jesus Christ I said well you can't
cut God three pieces I said he was a
Jehovah made manifest in flesh bread he
that's what he was he was Jehovah in
flesh his own human name as a radition
Inge called the other name is given
under heaven that a man can be saved
only through that human redemption name
the Lord Jesus Christ that's right he
was gone he is God he will forever be
gone as the doctor on the Lord Jesus
Christ